all right i believe that marissa would
like to um perhaps lead us in a
uh cakes and candles ritual
oh
at least i want some cake
hi
yeah
uh well we have we have something
have some cake here
um that we can light i don't know i hear
other people also have cake
get your cake
do we have a song that's called get your
cake
you know i think we'll sing sing happy
birthday oh okay and uh then transition
from there
um how do i
there you go
oh
[Music]
get your cake get your candles
okay i'll get the lights out
most of them
yeah
this is great
oh look at that look oh nice gabby's
you've got like a serious cake
[Music]
i want to see that cake
how can we make it
um
[Music]
i like the stars you can say something
they want to see a cake
everyone who has cake say something so
we can
cake
candles
with so many people
um but if we could uh unmute and try to
sing happy birthday
be interesting
is that right yes
okay five four
three
happy birthday
[Music]
hey
make a wish for david like you know
if you can imagine like what david would
wish for if he's still here make that
wish
um
[Music]
what um of cake are you having this is
an earl grey orange cupcake
it's gluten free and vegan thank you
very much
can you tell me about the rituals that
um you were doing
about gabby hoffman and stuff that was
yeah so then
you know talking with with nika and uh
i guess after we eat our cake and we can
do something but um
[Music]
years ago um i was
part of this anti-war action in dc and
we were shutting down the intersections
around the capitol building
uh which has a whole new significance
now but at the time
we were preparing this you know like
non-island uh blockade and um
mississippian and starhawk and um and
other many others were involved there
was a local local dc training group that
was involved
and
we basically
uh had a lot of drama and fracturing
like in the organizing and there's one
of those very tense moments and
we ended up in the basement i think it
was the the code pink house at the time
um but we were in in a circle
in the basement and just holding hands
um and breathing and then uh lisa and
starhawk
um
let us and juniper um let us in the
ritual of just making present the the
ancestors
um so i thought that that would be
appropriate for
you know for this space to sort of call
on david as as an ancestor make you know
make him present
um
and i i have a bit of sage
so i thought we could we could do that
and
if if people are
next to someone that they can hold hands
with or you know if you want to touch
the screen maybe as a substitute i mean
it's kind of not the same but
it'll be something um just to indicate
that we're connected and um
we could just say
you know like david grieber presente
david grieber presente
and then think of
you know what what kind of wish david
would
would make
that would be
that would be great so that's what i had
in mind
should we say it in english instead of
in portuguese like david graber's
present day the paper is present the
graper's present
sure no in as many languages as possible
really
whatever you want yeah whatever language
is good for i guess we have russian you
know we have different different
languages on the call so i guess yeah
whatever makes sense
so we're holding the screen yeah
yeah so hold the screen and um
i'll just
bring some of this sage
i'm sorry for i need an instructions
okay so just just hold hold my hands up
and say you know david graber presente
or present or whatever makes sense for
you
david
is
okay that's all
i just want to